Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oh, f...
Hello?
Pryce?
Annie?
You shouldn't be
walking around.
I'm OK, I'm OK.
Any pain or pressure?
Just a little headache,
that's all.
I guess I should thank you
for saving my life again.
Thank God it was only
a bump on the head.
Why are you thanking God?
He let it happen.
And a slight bump on the head
is exactly the wrong way
to think about a concussion.
Avoid any physical exertion
for the next 24 hours.
Sure. Why are we in here?
Oh, because Annie, before
becoming a registered nurse,
clearly was a Girl Scout.
I believe Éclaireuses
Unionistes de France
is the French equivalent.
She was worried you'd gotten
bitten during the attack,
and she knew the rule
that all Girl Scouts know,
French or otherwise...
..bring the doctor
the thing that bit you.
Autopsy time.
Oh, wow!
Right there, in the Oval Office,
Mr Johnson presents
his own johnson
with a mighty flourish,
and he tells the congressman,
"This, my friend,
is why we're in Vietnam."
A hundred years prior...
..another US president,
one Ulysses S. Grant,
never let anyone see him naked
for reasons unknown
to the historical record.
However, I have three
and a half theories why.
Number one,
he had an infant-sized...
Subject is female, Caucasian,
5'8" and weighing 121 pounds.
Subject is cachectic
with large patches of
reticulated hyperpigmentation
on her chest, abdomen,
and left anterior thigh
consistent with melanoma.
It's skinny and misshapen with
that blue stuff on its skin.
Yeah, I got the gist.
Fingers are ossified,
flexed into an immobile,
claw-like configuration
with thickened,
hypertrophic nails.
All the better to rip your heart
out with, my dear.
Admirable jaw flexibility.
An accessory sinus
in the maxilla
apparently filled with venom.
- Sound familiar?
- You think this is one of us?
Upirs don't feed on other upirs.
We can't.
We'd get horribly sick.
Bone saw.
- Well, that's...
- Interesting.
Sure.
Grey-mottled,
highly vascular mass
with extensions
to the right upper quadrant
of the abdomen
and the base of the neck.
I have never seen a tumour
this big.
That's what makes it
interesting.
- Jesus Christ!
- Very interesting.
Is that alive?
The corpse isn't, by definition.
As for the tumour, highly
differentiated structures
reminiscent of
a string of ganglia,
suggesting higher
nervous system function.
That thing's got a brain?
And an appetite, apparently.
The tumour's created a fistula
from the oesophagus
to a large pocket near
the now unused original stomach.
A cancer that thinks and eats?
LoPS.
Sorry?
Lower peritoneal
squamous lymphoma, LoPS.
It reminds me
of a tumour structure
I dissected in medical school.
Let's have a look
at Miss LoPS' brain.
The tumour invests
in multiple brain regions...
..especially the frontal lobe.
Reasoning, self-control.
- The optic nerve.
- Vision.
- And the lateral hypothalamus.
- Hunger.
Hypothesis -
the LoPS appears to be
some previously unknown fusion
of cancer
and a parasitical organism.
By employing the rapidly
replicating cellular structure
of tumours to manipulate the
nervous and digestive systems,
it can be speculated
that the organism
is modifying the behaviour
of the host
to allow...or even compel
the consumption
of the host's own species.
Which means you, of course.
Hey. Destiny told me
what happened.
I was just on my way to see you.
You OK?
I've been better.
Where have you been?
Can I use your phone
to call a cab?
I'm gonna head back to my hotel.
You're welcome to stay here.
Bedroom's upstairs.
OK.
Ochoa.
Uh, I have to deal with, um...
I'll explain later, OK?
OK.
Well, I got something for you.
Just let me warn you, it's...
..some crazy shit.
This a bad time?
You've got company.
- Just a girl.
- Oh, yeah?
How'd you meet her?
Since when am I part
of your investigation?
Which brings me to...
I found this.
Remind you of anyone?
So, what are you saying,
this is Spivak's grandfather
or something?
Have you ever seen
even a father and son
look exactly, completely alike?
This is Spivak.
But...that can't be possible.
Here's the part where I sound
like a fuckin' mental case.
I think we might be dealin'
with some kind of paranormal
outside-the-box-type shit.
Actually, um...
..outside-the-box is good.
Focus there.
How did you know about
Omul Negru?
I thought your mom didn't
teach you any upir customs.
You talking about this?
And the drawing?
Yeah. Omul Negru,
the upir boogieman.
- You know about it?
- Yeah.
Just that it's some
Carpathian peasant story.
Tell me.
Uh...
I don't remember
a lot of details.
Anything.
I have this upir friend, Nate.
Well, you can talk to him.
He's an anthropology professor.
OK. Call him.
Call him right now.
It's that important?
You have no idea.
Well, I could take you to him
if you want.
Yeah.
It was totally uncanny.
Exactly like you said.
He is completely crazy,
him and the gypsy both.
I just played along,
and boom.
But I don't mean to minimise.
He didn't get into
the immortal space lizard shit
that you were talkin' about.
Yes, he's a lost cause.
- What about Shelley?
- I was getting to that.
- I'm pretty sure she's OK.
- She was there?
Someone was upstairs.
From the way he acted when I
asked him, guessin' it was her.
Guessing is nowhere near good
enough. This is my daughter.
I will set up a camera
outside of his place.
Get me in there today.
Breaking and entering? You do
know that is a felony, right?
Oh, f...
Oh. Oh, fuck!
Oh!
Arggh! Fuck!
Oh! Oh!
Ohhh.
Oh, fuck.
Dr Pryce!
Oh, thank you. Thank you, Klaus.
I'd forgotten or...
..couldn't remember where
I put the...the...
- Epipen.
- Exactly. Epipen.
You should have been using
the containment module, sir.
You're right, you're right.
Protocols.
Protocols. It's just that I got
so caught up in this autopsy.
I still have
more important work to do.
Maybe you really just
need to get some sleep, sir.
No.
But, Klaus, it's just...
Shelley?
- Any sign?
- No.
- You said she was here.
- Actually, I didn't.
- You pull any shit with me...
- I'd be upset too.
I'd be pissed off
if my kid ran off
after taking care of her
the way that you did.
Especially given how
she's hangin' out with
your fuck-up son.
Wherever she is,
I'm gonna find her.
OK.
You actually saw it.
- Yeah.
- The boogieman is real.
I can't believe
what you've been through.
It's the worst thing
in the world, losing a child.
I think about her every second.
Does it ever get any better?
I wish I could say yes.
But you can't blame yourself.
You took in this kid,
you gave her a home, loved her.
You're doing everything
you can to find her.
Did your cousin ever tell you
who he was, the baby's father?
Just some guy.
Dude, I'm not actually
going to fuck her.
I'm just gonna take her home
for the night. For Facebook.
- To be ironic.
- Where's Destiny?
Full day of mysterious
female wedding rituals.
- What's this?
- Our next job.
You should have seen it.
He had a whole slide show.
Very compelling.
What kind of job?
The fucking fantastic kind.
95 Lexington Street.
Do you know it?
- No.
- You should. It's a jackpot.
All the cops
in western Pennsylvania,
this is where they store
the guns they confiscate.
Four times a year
they truck 'em away
to be melted down
in a blast furnace.
Next run's on Tuesday.
And you're gonna rob it first?
After. Too many cameras
at the storage facility.
We're gonna wait until it's en
route, then hit the vehicle...
..here.
- Armed guards?
- Yeah.
It's not Seal Team Six.
Two guys makin' minimum wage
likely to shoot off their own
dicks if anything goes down.
So, if Nate comes off
a little full of himself
at first,
just remember,
he really is a genius, OK?
He's kind of famous
in our community,
but you'll warm up to him.
He's super charismatic.
You slept with him.
Times Square, V-J Day.
The whole city was in love.
How old are you really?
You know who might be helpful?
Nate's girlfriend, Hannah.
Really smart.
History professor at Columbia.
Mm-hm.
Annie, ma belle!
- Good to see you. Hm?
- Yes.
- Hi. Roman.
- Nate.
- Oh, it's a party.
- Now that you're here it is.
Come in.
That attractive young lady
setting the table...
- ..is Megan Whitney.
- Hi.
And you know
Julia and Mickey Hughes.
- Annie!
- Nice to see you.
Oh, and, everybody,
this is Roman.
So, you're the baby upir!
Don't worry.
We're in the tribe too.
- You're upirs?
- Mm-hm.
All of you?
Nate told us about you,
so we wanted to welcome
you to the fold.
Do you all live nearby
or something?
He doesn't know
about East Cornwall?
I told you, he's new.
Our little burg is about 35%
upir, by my own census.
- Where's Hannah?
- Later.
- Oh, let me guess. Your student.
- No, of course not.
My physical therapist.
She's getting her degree
in kinesiology.
Hmm.
Klau... Klaus.
How are you? Welcome!
Dr Pryce, um,
you promised to get some sleep.
And I will.
But as I was drifting off,
I had a thought.
The specific anaplastic
cellular structures
resemble the procession
of the horsemen
in the Parthenon frieze,
which reminded me of an article
in the 'Lancet'
about equine telomeres
in cellular immortalisation.
Which has prompted a theory
about the physiology
of the Spivak creature's...
Well, in short,
drumming is helping me
access my right brain.
I am making some REAL progress
finding my shadow!
Ula-ula-ula-ula. Hai!
Hai!
It's called potentisation.
The more you dilute a poison,
the stronger it becomes
as a cure.
Homeopathy is generally
considered, um,
a pseudo-science, Megan.
Call it what you want.
I have seen it work.
When can I talk to him about...
He said after dinner.
If you don't mind my asking,
what have you been doing
in the way of sustenance
since you turned?
- Whatever I could find.
- Ah.
You've been hunting.
- No. Not really.
- It's OK if you have.
I can't imagine
what it would be like
without learning
non-violent feeding
from a responsible adult.
There is a support group...
No, honestly, I'm not hunting.
The kid's fine. Leave him alone.
Now, I have a very special
amuse-bouche prepared.
What is that?
Is it AB negative?
That's for pishers.
This, my dear friends...
..is the holy fucking grail.
Oh, my God.
You want some?
Mm! Jesus Christ!
Rh null! Oh!
Oh, I know! My parents told me
about it, but...
This is why I became a
phlebotomist. Come, come, come.
Thank you.
Mm!
The metallic notes on the end.
It's iron-rich and...
You can tell the donor's
a real meat-eater, can't you?
Pretty incredible, right?
Yeah. Yeah, I guess.
What's, um, Rh null?
It's the rarest blood type.
Um...
I think there's only 40 donors
in the world that we know of.
Sorry, it's just...
I want to show you something.
Use plenty of disinfectant
on Miss Ironic
before you bring her back.
Ah, you wish, brother.
I was just wondering...
..the cops are making two stops
to drop off the guns?
Yeah.
Why?
Spread the business around.
I don't know.
You have to ask them.
The second stop is
a blast furnace,
which makes sense for the guns,
but the first one
is a medical waste incinerator,
so they're probably
dropping off drugs too.
I guess.
In which case
the smart play would be
to make the move here...
..instead of doing armed robbery
here in the middle
of a busy downtown street
in the middle of the day.
Unless you're after
the drugs too.
You said you didn't want to be
involved in any new business.
Consider yourself not involved.
You're slinging heroin now?
Who gives a shit if a bunch
of rich gadje shoot up?
They're gonna do it anyway.
What will the wolf pack say
when they see you
tossing dope into your truck?
They're gonna be psyched
they got a Christmas bonus.
Do you think your family
would support this?
- You think my mother would?
- You sold that Sebzilla shit.
That was powdered milk, Andreas.
I was running game.
You brought a drug deal
into Destiny's home.
My home too, Peter.
The Roma are not drug dealers.
You're telling me
what the Roma are.
Until I brought you
into this group,
you were practically a gadje.
You had nothing.
You were nothing.
You really want to step to me,
mother-fucker?
Oh, shit.
Oh, God. I'm really...
I'm really sorry, Peter.
I'm...
I'm so stressed out.
With the wedding.
And the job.
Whew.
I...I promise, and we're...
We're gonna figure this out.
We'll both be happy.
So, the drugs?
Oh, it's just details.
Come on, we're brothers now.
Let's not let business
get in the way.
Smells good.
Blood pudding.
Hm.
What's in it?
Immunoglobulin,
amino acids, plasma.
We all bring a different
ingredient. Everyone shares it.
It brings everyone together.
Here you go.
That's good.
Fantastic, in fact.
Oh.
Did you want to chat
before dinner?
Yes, please.
I'm good, I'm good.
Come on!
I swear,
you have the most chaotic face
I have ever seen.
This whole upper right quadrant
seems to be...
..gallopin' in a different
direction than the rest of it.
May I?
They say that beauty
is determined by symmetry.
But I gotta say...
..I find your whole gestalt
cool and unexpected.
I'm Aitor Quantic, by the way.
Shelley.
Why do you come here every day?
I'm supposed to take
expired food to the dump,
but it's...it's
completely edible.
They just want you to
throw it away so you buy more.
So I bring it here.
Waste not, want not
and so forth.
How about you?
What about me?
What brings you to Rooster Poot?
Well, that's what the residents
call this place,
but I've yet to see a rooster
around here,
and I wouldn't know a poot
if I stepped on one.
But getting back to you.
Just needed a place to stay.
Well, as places go,
it's upwind of the dump.
I've stayed in worse.
Come on down if you get hungry.
We got pinto beans.
All you can eat.
You think you actually
saw something like this?
Not like.
That's exactly what I saw.
- You're certain?
- 100%.
Holy fuck.
No, no, no.
Uh...
Here it is. I'm always
losing this fucking thing.
This is
an illuminated manuscript
from 14th-century Norway.
It's him.
The Jörmungandr.
That's what the Norse myths
call it at least.
It goes by other names too.
The Omul Negru. Um...
The Babylonians called it
something completely different.
So, what is it?
The myths say it was a serpent
dropped into the ocean
by the gods.
It grew so large,
wrapped itself
around the entire world
until it was able
to bite its own tail.
And it foretold the end of days,
when the Jörmungandr
would constrict...
..choking all other life
on the planet.
The Ouroboros.
The Apocalypse.
It can't be real.
As a single entity, no.
I think I would have noticed
a giant dragon wrapped
around the Earth.
But I do have a theory
I've been working on
with some palaeogeneticists.
I think the Jörmungandr
wasn't a single entity,
but our ancient memory
of an entire species,
our evolutionary adversaries,
if you will.
Anyways, I think
we wiped them all out,
just like the homo sapiens
did to the Neanderthals.
Think again.
And what would it be like,
the one who survived?
Well, if the folk tales
about the Omul Negru
have any basis in reality...
..it's...
..inconceivably vicious.
Like, there's this one story
out of the Crimea...
Nate...
..that is just totally
fucking insane.
No, listen - take whole children
and grind them up into sausages.
Shut up!
Shut the fuck up.
What the hell was that?
Megan?
Can we just stick
to what's important here?
How well do you know this guy?
- Well enough.
- Is he on drugs? Is he crazy?
- If there's any truth to what...
- I believe him.
Annie, this is world-changing,
epic shit.
I need to get him in a room
with a video camera
and any documentation
he has that...
OK. I'll get it.
You go talk to him.
Yes?
Hi, Annie. You look great.
Hannah?
What's going on?
We gotta get out of here.
Roman, we gotta go!
- What's going on?
- It's...
Oh, God...
Megan!
Where do we go?
Where do we go?!
This way! Follow me!
- Wait! My wife!
- There's no fucking time, man.
- She's gone!
- I have to! I have to!
Let's go.
Come on. Hurry up! This way!
Get in!
Those were...
Those were Hannah's cousins.
They're running in packs now.
- It's spreading somehow.
- Wait, you've seen this before?
Just one.
Some kind of disease
upirs are getting.
Great.
Like the fuckin' boogieman
being real wasn't enough.
OK. We've got to barricade...
Arggh!
Annie, open the door.
We'll feed on the others
and we'll let you go.
Oh, you're going to let her go?
Total fucking lie, Hannah.
Says the guy
who was fucking his masseuse.
She's a kinesiologist,
you fucking psycho!
Did you know
that hippopotami
are the closest relative
to the whale?
No way.
That's a true, actual fact,
because at one time whales,
or the, uh, mammals
that became whales,
they walked on dry land.
And then, 50 million years ago
or thereabout,
they decided to pull up stakes
and head back to the ocean
from whence they came.
Why?
One individual.
Let's call him, uh, Moe.
He did not look like the others.
He... He was an outcast,
and he was fat.
He had short arms and tiny feet.
But see,
Moe was soon to discover
that being an outcast
also gave him power,
because he was forced
to think for his self.
He was tough
'cause nobody had his back.
So into the drink he goes.
He's splashin' around,
he's havin' a grand old time.
Now, the others saw this,
and they went,
"Hm,
"I want me some of that."
Which is how fat Moe,
the outcast,
became wet Moses...
..the first whale
who led his pod
out of their vapid,
mud-caked existence
and into the vast blue ocean.
A place where there is never
a rainy day.
Hey!
So, did you get my message?
Should we invite the Nehamkins?
Uh... Old Nehamkins
or young Nehamkins?
Well, both, because
we went to their wedding.
But then if we invite them,
we have to invite
the whole Dimitri clan,
in which case we'll need a
crowbar to pry Uncle Pavel off
of every single woman
under the age of 75, so...
Nehamkins -
yea or nay?
I don't really have an opinion.
So...
..what are you doing here?
Have you ever thought maybe...
..you're rushing into
this whole thing?
I mean, how well do you
really know this guy, really?
This guy?
Andreas is "this guy" now?
You've only been together
for two months.
Did you get in a fight?
I'm... I'm just sayin'.
You can read people
better than anyone.
I get what
you're going through.
Losing Letha, the baby, and now
you feel like you're losing me,
but you're not.
You need to let go
so that I can live my life.
Ride or die notwithstanding.
Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
- Any sign of them?
- Not for a while now.
- You've got bars on your phone?
- No.
My neighbour has a land line.
One of you should run for it.
- One of us?
- I tore my ACL.
- 30 years ago, Nate.
- Yeah, but it still hurts a lot.
Fuck it. I'll do it.
No, no, no. No, wait.
You don't even know
where he lives.
It's really easy. Just go down
the road, underneath the bridge.
He's right there and you can't
miss him. Go. Get going.
Great.
No, no. And if they're still
out there?
Then I'll run.
We got one.
- Open up! They're coming!
- No. No.
If you open it,
they'll kill us too.
Annie, what the fuck?!
Sorry, I can't help it.
Roman!
The barrel.
Oh, fuck.
Any abnormal bleeding?
No. Is my cancer back?
Is that why I can't feed?
No. No reason to think that.
And did you get a flu shot
earlier this year?
- I don't have the flu.
- So it seems.
But as for the shot?
Yes. Yes, I got a flu shot.
Norman dragged me there.
At the pharmacy?
No, Dr Spivak's nurse
gave it to me.
Oh, God.
Did Spivak do something to me?
He gave you a flu shot,
apparently.
Stop fucking with me, Johann.
What is this about?
When I have a diagnosis,
you'll be the first to know.
In the meantime, I'd urge you
to consider taking drum lessons.
I couldn't have gotten in touch
with my shadow without them.
The dark. They're in the dark.
They're always
in the fucking dark.
You feeling alright?
Dark.
All the attacks are in the dark.
Here. In Hemlock too.
I turned the light on outside.
They were fucked up.
They were disoriented.
The tumour is wrapped
around the optic nerve.
Maybe they're sensitive
to sunlight.
We just wait them out.
They'll have to leave
before sunrise.
I now own a suit,
and it didn't fall off a truck.
Two milestones reached.
I promise you we're going to
get out of here, OK?
Nadia's mine.
I'm the father.
Letha...
She was my cousin.
No.
She was my half-sister.
I fucked her...
..and she died.
My mother, she forced me
into doing it.
Against my will,
against Letha's will.
I didn't remember anything.
God.
It was all part of
some fucked-up plan of hers
to make me the way she was.
And it worked.
Letha didn't know?
She thought the dad
was an angel.
One day my daughter's
gonna ask me...
..who her father is.
And I'm gonna
have to tell her
who I am and what I did.
It scares me.
It scares me way more
than those things out there.
If your daughter asks,
you lie to her.
That's what parents do.
Oh, Christ!
You know, I'm scared too,
but you don't see me crying.
Nate, help us!
Fucking coward!
- Hi, honey.
- Oh!
Arggh!
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck!
Girls, get over here.
We gotta leave. Come on.
Yeah, I got, you know,
however many you need.
We got a ton of them.
I got to thinking,
that stuff
I said about symmetry and...
..your face and whatnot.
I say weird things sometimes.
I sure didn't mean
to make you uncomfortable.
Because, you know,
the other thing besides symmetry
that determines beauty...
Big eyes.
And let me tell you,
you got that in spades.
Big eye.
You look like one of those Keane
paintings of the kids.
From the side, at least.
From the front,
I'm a Dali painting.
This was my dad's place,
this mill.
Yeah, I kind of knew that.
You're pretty recognisable.
Well...
So technically
you own Rooster Poot.
No-one owns Rooster Poot.
Over the last 24 hours,
your friend Dr Pryce
went on a Google rampage.
Some videos of this drummer
named Gene Krupa,
but mostly about this place
called Plum Island.
Apparently, it was a government
germ laboratory in the '40s.
He found an old medical film
and watched it a bunch.
- What's on it?
- You should probably watch it.
Um...
Maybe it'll make sense to you.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org